and today we're looking at a starship
trooper pinball machine now let's see
when it boots up okay let's go into the
Diagnostics so if we go to the
diagnostic on the truck you can see
showing only two balls so that's okay as
you can see after cycle trough the
second ball is still shown as missing
whereas balls three and four are showing
as present let me just say a couple more
balls they all moved along one but
they're always missing our position two
now this seems like he's indicating that
switch number two well switch 14 which
is second ball toss which is missing or
broken so let's have a look at that and
another problem we've got is the shooter
is a bit sluggish and the the barrel of
spring is really broken that good so I
need to rebuild that there are other
thing we can see is that the flippers
alone don't respond very quickly so they
need a full rebuild
well this Trotter is very difficult to
take apart it's actually got these
little bolts with very very shallow
heads on them so whoever actually
learning tools old fair overload aunties
pair of pliers now actually I'll take
out four of these to get this part the
thruster come apart so that you can then
take away the second bolt there I'll
finally managed to remove the switch
it's actually a mechanical failure you
can't actually reliably press that
rather than electrical failure oh it's
normally contact at where else not
conducting properly and it looks like
some idiot is actually oiled this it's
causing oil and there's oil all over
here as well so where to take it off and
clean you up so we're yeah
someone doesn't seem to know what I'm
doing ruin that with point loads of oil
in it and the next job is to fit a new
switch solder on a new diode and then
solder on the old wires and that one
doesn't want to play so you saw that one
on so there and then that's done and
while I'm working under the play field
we've a small the own I've just noticed
this why here it's broken off of this
switch so I just need to reprime not and
sorted by Colin and that's what's
written fitted a quick test of soft
touch mode and all four balls are
showing in the truck now
okay well tests in the game I've noticed
like this red streak here
okay so I've disassembled the plunger
now if you're gonna polish it up fit a
new spring and a new sleeve in there and
then reassemble so in order to rebuild
the flip they're all these nice to do is
remove the end stop first so you can
take a coil off and then you can remove
the best mechanism without onto the
solder on your wires so if we have a
look at the old parts versus the new
parts as we can see the playfield
bushing was definitely worn us Dave the
point we're definitely replacing your
partner's family have any warp the clio
sleeve is very dirty the springs are
different lengths and the coil stop is
very warm on the old one peritoneal so
it's hard to fit the new parts this is
the left-hand flip I'm currently do move
the main right hand flip assembly I
found two screws missing I'm the rest
are Leafs so you're a snug because this
could come away from the play field and
cause the playfield bat to scrape on the
play field artwork so I need to find a
couple of screws for that and time to
rest on and that's all three flippers
rebuilt I'm just putting some new rulers
on and cleaning them up and I'll be
ready to play soon